Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: The Wazuh for AWS module provides capabilities for monitoring AWS based services. Learn more about how to set it up and the required configuration.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The Wazuh for AWS module provides capabilities for monitoring AWS-based services. Learn how to install and configure it to monitor Amazon instances and services.  
```

>   :description: The Wazuh for AWS module provides capabilities for monitoring AWS based services. Learn more about how to configure it and the required configuration here.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The Wazuh for AWS module provides capabilities for monitoring AWS based services. Learn more about how to set it up and the required configuration.  
```
